Snick is coming.
Snick cannot be stopped.
Snick will be here Saturday night.
So what's Snick?
Snick is Nick's new turf.
Your turf.
Saturday night.
It's a prime time lineup for you.
New episodes, new shows,
hosts, contests in a big orange couch.
And that's where you snick.
So snick every Saturday night on Nickelodeon.
He's on a mission.
And he won't stop.
Stop until he changes the world.
It's New Year's Pete.
To my mom.
Forget elastic hat burn.
Forget the cocktail wieners.
It's just Pete.
And Pete.
And...
Ellen, watch out!
Sparks will fly.
Papers will fly.
Pete will fly.
No!
And you don't want to miss it.
So catch New Year's Pete.
Today at 11.30, 10.30 Central
on the only place with Pete.
It's Nickelodeon.
Nickelodeon wants you to know that not all the scenes
in Are You Afraid of the Dark are scary.
For example, in this scene,
just a boy listening to the radio.
Okay, skip that.
Well, right here,
just a girl with a flash.
Next, okay.
Not a bit scary here with the glasses.
All right, it's a little scary.
But if it wasn't,
you'd have no excuse to hide under the furniture.
Watch Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Tonight at 9.30, 8.30 Central, only on Snick.
Do you see?
Though some attention will be paid to me.
A purple leg with yellow spot.
And teeth instead of toad.
To eat ferocious bugs and rows.
A turd after a claw to scare.
And scratch my itch in.
Let it know like any other knows.
Can't smell it sweet.
And without showers.
My monkey tail fling.
A crystal chandelier.
Ears.
To make me tall.
A longer neck.
A laser eye.
Oh, what the heck?
Are all over.
A soul from Dover.
I'm good looking.
Now you're cooking.
You can't hide because the Double Deer Live Tour is coming.
On January 15th in Chicago, Illinois at Rosemont Horizon.
On January 16th in Detroit, Michigan at the Palace of Auburn Hills.
On January 17th in Indianapolis, Indiana at Market Square Arena.
Nickelodeon is coming to your city and it won't be pretty.
Reach out and slime someone.
The Double Deer Live Tour is brought to you by the First Kids Network Nickelodeon.
Please play Dr. Mario on Game Boy.
Or in Yes.
Tink-tank, what a big bang.
I sounded silly, so it ran away.
Bye Grimace, I know what I'm not wanting.
To catch it, we'll form M Squad.
Presenting M Squad search for the runaway voice.
Grimace's voice was everywhere.
Open your mouth and say...
You want fries with Dave?
Alright guys, always remember one thing.
Big chocolate shake.
Kill it Ronald.
Sorry.
It's heading for scary mode.
Kill Ronald.
Catch Grimace's voice.
To be continued.
You can find their species in a book.
You can count their bones in a museum.
But only Nickelodeon's Wild Side Show
puts animals and kids face to face, fin to fin.
Follow the Call of the Wild every Sunday
when Nickelodeon travels from mountaintops
to ocean bottoms in search of animal adventure.
On Nickelodeon's Wild Side Show
every Sunday at 5, 4 central.
On the only network for you, Nickelodeon.
On your mark, get set and...
Wacka Wacka Wacka!
With the Muppet Babies.
Weekdays at 2, 1 central.
Only on Nickelodeon.
9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Happy New Year!
Happy Snake.
People break out in hives.
Why?
Because let's face it.
In life, as in baseball, nobody wants to be out.
But sometimes it can't be helped.
Take Paisley, for example.
First, it was in.
But then it got to be so in that it was out.
And once it was out, it came back in again.
The point is, in and out can both be pretty fickle.
Some of the coolest people of all time
were once on the Outlist.
Like when Galileo told his friends in school
that the earth revolved around the sun,
they treated him like he was from outer space.
And when Susan B. Anthony fought for the right
to vote in class elections,
she learned that popularity and politics
don't always mix.
And before he went platinum, Chuck Berry got sent
to the principal's office for making too much noise.
Charles Berry, report to the principal's office at once.
Stop that noise.
Being out can also mean being outrageous,
outstanding, and out of control.
But now, my creepy brother, Fergbase,
has gotten the idea that he's really way in.
And it's about to drive me out of my mind.
Listen to this.
Clarissa Darling, bells ring when you walk past me.
A leaf slowly falls.
Whoa, that's the fifth haiku taped to your locker this week.
Actually, yesterday it was a sonnet.
And it's nowhere near Valentine's Day.
So?
So can only mean one thing. You've got a secret admirer.
A secret admirer who just happens to know everything about me.
That's part of the job description.
But he even knows what my favorite type of gum is.
Sam, I don't even care what your favorite type of gum is.
Maybe that's why he admires you.
Why doesn't he just tell me in person?
Because he's secret.
It's driving me crazy.
Somebody knows everything about me,
and I don't know a single thing about him.
There she is. Are you sure you can't deliver high explosives?
For the brilliant time, kid, I'm sure.
Ace delivery with the package for Clarissa Darling.
Are you Clarissa Darling?
You've asked me that every time you deliver the package this week.
Just sign, please.
I'll bet it's from him.
Who's him?
Relax. It's probably just another one of those plaid velvet money belts
and Dornie keeps sending me.
Driving gloves?
Cool.
They're exactly what I want.
Look, there's a note.
You drive me wild.
Love your secret admirer.
I believe I speak for all of us when I say,
Ew!
Give it back, Barfbrain.
No way, old sport.
Give it back or...
Wait a minute. Did you just call me old sport?
That's how those of us in the nautical set speak.
Nautical set?
Is that why you look like you're posing for a bottle of aftershave?
It just so happens that I plan to spend the afternoon
hobnobbing with none other than J. Eliot Fundwood, the third.
Well, he is kid in the county.
Junior Forbes, 500 member.
And mine, your best friend.
I thought Maurice was your best friend.
Not to mention your only friend.
It just so happens that J. Eliot and I share all the same interests.
Money, money, and more money.
Eliot and I will be watching the America's Cup together.
It promises to be an exciting competition.
Eliot has his own 40-foot slurp.
That's loop.
Eliot sounds like a major dweeb.
Dweeb? How can you say that about him?
He's got a tennis court, a soda machine,
and a pool in his backyard.
And he promised me an entire collection
of mint annihilator comics.
I bet you wish you had a friend like that.
I wish I had a brother who had half a brain cell.
Hey, maybe J. Eliot Fundwood
can put some money to work for us.
What do you mean, Sam?
I'm sure a high-priced private investigator
could snip out your secret admirer.
But maybe there's a reason he's so secret.
Maybe he's really gross.
You're right. Maybe he's in jail.
This is getting scary.
I gotta figure out who this guy is.
Here with the package for Clarissa Darling.
You clue us to Darling?
Sign, please.
Yeah, I'm sushi.
Who sings boxes of sushi anyway?
Well, I was hoping you'd tell me that.
There isn't any way you could figure out
where this came from, is there?
Sorry, that's not my job.
Now I know why a secret admirer stays hidden.
He doesn't want to accept responsibility
for driving me completely insane.
You know, most your shots are outside the lines
and I just didn't call you on it.
I know, Marshal.
You're gonna have to deal with this lower back pain.
You know, every time you served.
I know, Marshal.
Plus, the sun was in my eyes.
Hi, Mom. Dad, how was Tennis?
Well, now your mother, she's really improved.
Mom, you beat Dad.
Into the ground.
Sorry, dear.
Way to go, Mom.
Well, okay.
So, I lost, okay?
It's no big deal. It's just a game.
Well, I couldn't agree more.
It doesn't prove anything.
Absolutely not.
I could have won.
Sure. I could have let you.
Thanks for the ride.
Wow.
That is the longest I've ever seen in my life.
Friends in high places can be a definite advantage.
Especially when you're such a low life.
Mommy. Daddy.
Standing in the social community.
I've just been invited to the official initiation party
for the Young Americans Junior Yacht Club.
Hey, that's great, Ferguson.
Except, you know, we don't have a yacht.
That's the beauty of it, Dad.
Yeah.
See, we don't need to have a yacht.
I just need to have a best friend who has a yacht,
and it just so happens that I do have a best friend
who has a yacht.
Much better than a friend with a personality.
As a member of the Young Americans Junior Yacht Club,
I'll be on the fast track to social success.
It's more than just a club.
It's the inner circle.
Well, it's nice to see you're making new friends, Ferguson.
New and potentially lucrative.
There's nothing wrong with that.
The friends I make through my best friend?
We'll pave the way for a brighter future.
Yeah. Hey, um, Ferguson,
I thought Maurice was your best friend.
Well, yeah, but J.L. Lee, it's my new best friend.
I promised Maurice I'd show him around the club
as soon as I got in.
He's gonna flip.
Looks like you've flipped already.
Dad, the initiation party is next week.
Would you mind if I borrow one of your ties?
Sure, Ferguson.
Oh, that tie with the anchor motif
would look great on you, Ferguson.
I think you'd look great wearing a real anchor.
Don't worry, sis.
Once I'm a member, I'll be able to lend you a position
as cabana girl at the club pool.
No thanks.
Was it the great philosopher Groucho Marx
who first said,
I would never belong to a club
that would accept Ferguson as a member.
So this is her native environment.
Truly fascinating.
Well, come on, you've seen it.
Hey, what are you doing? Get out of my room.
Is she always this saucy?
Well, I've got her pretty well under control.
Clarissa, this is my best friend, Ellie.
He wanted to meet you.
Don't ask me why.
J.L. Lee, it's fun to work the third.
Charmed.
Clarissa M. Darling, the first.
Annoyed. Now, get out.
Come on, Ellie.
It's almost her feeding time anyway.
Hey, old sport.
Why don't you go get out the croquet mallets
and we'll have at it.
It's your thing, old sport.
I'll be right back.
So, what say we take this opportunity
to learn more about one another?
Darling, that's an American name, isn't it?
Why?
Clarissa Darling,
Belle's ring will you walk past me.
I'll leave slowly falls.
Oh, please tell me that's just a big coincidence
and you're not.
No way!
But of course.
But you're not older you.
Oh, Clarissa, Montcherry.
Age and maturity had nothing to do with one another.
You have so much to learn about me.
And I already know so much about you.
Listen, I'm really busy right now.
Why don't you run along and play
with your best friend, Ferguson?
Ferguson? My best friend?
What a quaint idea.
What's wrong with Ferguson?
I don't believe I just asked that.
Think about it.
Would you be friends with Ferguson?
If you couldn't get something out of it?
And believe me,
I plan to get something out of it.
But he really likes you.
And I really like you.
Got the mallets, old sport.
Excellent. I'll be right with you.
Clarissa, I want you to know
that we funds worse have a tradition
of always getting what we want.
No matter what.
Throwing out what we don't want.
See you later. Oh, one more thing.
Stop saying the gifts.
I'm running out of room.
Or I'm sure House could use a new wing.
To talk.
Age delivery with the package for Clarissa Darling.
Oh, no, not again.
You Clarissa Darling?
Don't you get a day off?
Please sign. But what about your...
Sprouts and oats?
You forgot your pony.
Pony, what am I going to do with a pony?
Don't ask. I'm just the delivery guy.
And I'm just the one who has to explain
to my brother that his new best friend
is no friend at all.
And that's straight from the horse's mouth.
Birdie!
Grimus said his voice sounded silly,
so it ran away.
Bye Grimus. I know what I'm not one.
To catch it,
we'll form M Squad.
Presenting M Squad search for the runaway voice.
Grimus, I know what I'm not one.
I'm not one.
M Squad search for the runaway voice.
Grimus' voice was everywhere.
Open your mouth and say...
Duh.
Here's your voice.
All right, guys. Always remember one thing.
Big chocolate shake.
Did it, Ronald?
Sorry.
Will Ronald catch Grimus' voice to be continued?
Well, he belongs,
but I wish I'd saved the reins for Ferguson.
He had a personal best in obnoxious behavior
ever since he made friends with J. Eliot
funds worth a third.
But if I tell him he's being used,
he'll be crushed.
I don't want him crushed.
Just slightly dented.
In order to let my brother down gently,
I've been dropping hints.
First, I tried the subtle approach.
Ferguson and I have been friends
for a long time.
I tried the subtle approach.
Ferguson, I have something I had to tell you.
Have you ever thought about how your friends
aren't always really your friends?
Sure. Back when I was voted
most likely to eat lunch alone,
but everything's different now.
So what'd you want to tell me?
Ah, your socks don't match.
Okay, so I whipped out.
Then I tried the not-so-subtle approach.
Hey, Ferguson,
here's a movie you might like.
Backstab.
I'm talking about a guy whose rich best friend
is just being nice to him
when all he really wants to do is go out with his sister.
Doesn't that sound interesting?
No.
Well, believe it. Besides, cowboys and aliens is on.
Then I tried the approach I thought would be
absolutely fur proof.
But wouldn't you know it?
They just weren't fighting that day.
Okay, so Hinting's got my strong suit,
but I've still got to figure out a way to tell him.
Time for Plan X.
Mom and Dad.
Mom, Dad, I've got to ask you something.
In a minute, sport. Two out of three.
Oh.
Sorry, Marsha.
Three out of five?
Marsha, what are you going to stop this competition kick?
I don't know. As soon as I win it, something.
I've just been lucky that's all.
So I beat you with tennis,
parcheesy, backgammon, and checkers.
So what?
One more game. That's all I ask.
And then will you stop? I promise.
Let's go play chess.
I don't know how to play chess.
Mom, Dad, I've got to ask you something about Ferguson.
What is it, Clarissa?
Actually, it's about Jay Elliott.
The fund's worth a kid. He's a bit much, isn't he?
Well, but he and Ferguson really do seem
to enjoy each other's company.
They seem to, yeah.
But he's so...
Clarissa, you know, I may not care for this club set myself,
but we've got to let Ferguson choose his own friends.
Besides Clarissa, Jay Elliott seems to be giving
Ferguson a lot more self-confidence.
You think Ferguson needs more confidence?
You know how fragile he really is.
He'd be crushed if he doesn't get into that club.
But then I guess when your best friend
is young funds-worth, he or she would.
So, what did you want to ask us about him, sport?
Well, did you realize that...
You should know.
Okay, so I can't bear to tell
Fergbert the truth and hurt his feelings.
But how can you hurt something that doesn't...
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
Sam, what would happen if I never told
Fergbert the truth about Jay Elliott funds-worth?
What's the truth?
He's using him to get to me.
Well, why don't you just use Jay Elliott?
You mean just go along with the Jay Elliott funds-worth flow?
Well, it can't hurt to think about it.
You're right.
I could just see it now.
Clarissa, darling.
Poor little rich girl.
Sweetheart, I'm so glad I married you after all.
Yes, remember when you were afraid of me
and my money?
Can you imagine?
Me, Clarissa, funds-worth,
afraid of money!
Oh, look, dear.
It's the little people.
We'll invite them in, darling.
Stop choking.
We've come to collect money to help the homeless
feed the poor and patch up the ozone layer.
Sorry. I don't bring it to my bubble bath
or bomb-bomb funds for anyone.
Ta-da!
On the other hand,
lifestyle as the rich and famous
isn't exactly your style.
That does it.
It's time for truth and consequences.
I've got to tell Ferguson the truth
and face the consequences.
Ladies and gentlemen,
fellow members
of the Young Americans Juniors Club,
it is my honor to stand before you today.
It's a full-fledged member
of this grand organization.
Don't you know how to knock whose head?
Ferguson, we have to talk.
It's about little Lord Fundsworth,
your so-called best friend.
Jay Elliott?
There's nothing so called about him.
Ferguson, he doesn't like you.
What? Jay Elliott doesn't like you.
He's using you.
He has a crush on me,
and that's the only reason why
he's letting you into his club.
I know that. I know this may be hard for you, but...
I know all about it.
How did you find out?
I'm not standing.
He explained to me the importance of contacts.
You're not just my sister.
You're my key to the upper class.
He gives me what I want. I give him...
Well, never mind.
Wait a minute.
He gave you membership into the Junior Loser Yacht Club,
and what did you give him?
Well, it's been fun.
Send him an appointment again, and we'll do it real soon.
What did you give him?
Nothing. Nothing at all.
And definitely not a copy of your personal diary.
I took the liberty of having it photocopied in banded leather.
You'd be amazed
at how powerful a bargaining chip can be.
So that's how he knows everything about me.
Get it back, or prepare to die for a while.
No can do, sis.
Ellie likes to carry it with him wherever he goes.
Close to his heart.
It's nothing personal. Strictly business.
Well, then I better go get ready for the Junior Yacht Club party.
You're not invited.
I'm crashing. Maybe you can't get my diary back,
but I can. You understand.
It's strictly business.
But is this place ultra-fancy or what?
Don't get used to it, sludge brain.
You're here to scoop up the diary and split before anybody knows
we're related and no harm done.
We'll see about that.
To our 50th annual assemblage
of the Young Americans Junior Yacht Club.
Thank you.
As you know, we have a proud tradition to uphold,
and that's what makes today's membership selections
so vitally important.
With the following candidates, please stand as I call their names.
Kaflipnick, Flingson, Shreiner.
You're not in the club. Sorry, but thanks for dropping by.
And please feel free to help yourself
to the complimentary shrimp cocktail on your way out.
Now, then.
Cutler, Johnson, Darling.
Congratulations.
You are now full-fledged members
of the Young Americans Junior Yacht Club.
Yes, I'm at Fundsworth.
I want my diary back or you're in big trouble.
What's spunk?
Has anybody ever told you you're even more beautiful when you're angry?
I said fork it over, dough boy.
I'll have my people fax it over first thing Monday.
Now, unless you want to be J. Eliot Fundsworth the last...
How can I resist those sparkly eyes?
I just can't say no.
Congratulations, Ferguson.
You finally scraped the barrel so hard
you actually found someone sleazier than yourself.
Who cares? I'm a member.
This is so great.
I think I'll just land around in the steam room
and catch up on the annihilator.
Lap of luxury, here I come.
Hey! Sorry, old man.
This is a sophisticated club.
Comic books are also against our policy.
I thought you liked the annihilator.
A child is passing fancy
that are left outside the club.
How shrews and all that.
Okay, well, I'll just read the annihilator at home,
but where do my friends see this place?
Yeah, what friends?
Maurice will love hanging out here.
Maurice.
Oh, yes, the pasty little fellow.
Sorry, old sport, but he's not allowed.
What? Oh, why not?
Yeah, why not?
He's just not our type.
But I promised I'd show him around.
Show him a photograph. We have a very strict policy.
That's what makes us so special.
What kind of club is this anyway?
Simply the best.
Although occasionally we do have to let in the common riff-raff.
As long as he has a beautiful sister.
Riff-raff?
Did you just call me riff-raff?
Looks like the only way to be cool around here
is to make somebody else feel stupid.
Hey, what's the deal?
I don't care for your tone, Ferguson.
Is my tone against club policy also?
I'm not gonna boss you around, Ferguson.
I think it's time we changed a few rules around here.
Now, you're looking to give tors in the mouth.
And I suggest you change your attitude.
And I suggest you bite a slug.
This is the price of being in your...
Stupid club.
I quit.
You can't quit. We have to reject you first.
Once a member, always a member.
Until you hear otherwise.
And once a jerk brain, always a jerk brain.
And you won't be hearing otherwise.
Come on, bird face. Let's get out of this dump.
What?
You can't call this place a dump?
I demand you come back here.
Darling, are you listening?
We had an arrangement.
Sorry, old sport.
The thrill of victory.
What's up, Dad?
And one word.
I won. I won.
I won.
Yes, you did, dear.
And I couldn't be happier.
It's only monopoly money.
Yeah, but it's mine.
It's all mine.
Now, well, I needed some members to sign up.
How many do you have so far?
Well, there's me and Maurice.
But that's all I need to start.
The fundraising drive.
Maybe Clarissa will join.
No.
I just don't think she's clever material.
What a relief.
Oh, no. Return to sender.
Clarissa.
Ace delivery with the package for Janet, darling.
Are you Janet, darling?
Yes, I am.
Sign, please.
I thought it was from...
Gee, I can't believe someone knows I like fossils.
And look, there's a little hike.
Janet, darling, bells ring when you play tennis.
A leaf slowly falls.
Who could this be from?
Oh, no.
I can't believe J.L.E.F.
Fundsworth is going after my mother.
Uh...
I actually penned that.
Yeah, I may not be as rich as he is,
but I own a park place.
Dad, take it from me.
Even monopoly money can't buy love.
Oh, no.
Love.
Those times, Mom told you to do your math.
Teacher, what pie squared is?
On What Would You Do?
Weekdays at 6-5 Central
on Nickelodeon.
A friend in need
is a friend in...
and whatever the job
or can
do to us
when the help is needed.
Your friend in need.
Oh, honey, the yarn looks great.
Almost as nice as yours, Mrs. B.
Who does your yard anyway?
Don't ask what you can do.
Just do what you can do
from the Church of Jesus Christ
of Latter-day Saints.
Nick, Nick, Nick.
There isn't a day that goes by
that kids aren't faced
with unfair authority figures.
We think it's great for kids to understand
that they're all in the same boat
and we're on their side.
I am the president of Nickelodeon.
We are proud of them.
Some networks are there
part-time for kids when it's convenient for them.
We think we should be
convenient for you.
Nickelodeon is always there for kids
every day, 365
days in a year.
Once mom was reading us all a story,
stand-in at Taurus called,
then a salesman,
then another call.
Then mom kind of lost it
and said, kids,
boy, we did good.
It's like mom says,
kids, sometimes you got to stop
and kill the pizza.
Pizza Hut presents its goofiest
kids' pizza pack ever.
You get a personal bad pizza,
a goof-toof cop, plus something goofy to wear.
All for $2.99.
Yeah.
Transformers!
It's the evil constructicons
Decepticon vehicles built to destroy planet Earth.
More than meets the eye,
it's a real estateer for really big destruction.
But the constructicons on Earth
make trouble. The heroic dinobots
snarl, slag, and grimlock
these massive monsters transform
into mighty robots.
They'll blast those decepticons into extinction.
Transformers!
Transformers Generation 2
Dinobots and constructicons each sold separately.
Do your kids like to read?
My kids like to read.
Then give your kids a subscription to Sports Illustrated for Kids.
They love reading about sports figures.
Six million kids think it's fun to read.
Kids read each issue over and over.
Teachers love it too.
Sports magazine for kids would show them
that reading can be fun.
Sports Illustrated for Kids has it all.
Exciting photographs, inspiring stories.
Sports Illustrated for Kids is something
that Dana and I could read together.
Through their heroes, kids learn about being
good winners and good losers,
and it gets kids interested in the world.
Dana could understand that you can't always be a winner.
I think Nicholas would really benefit
from what other kids are doing all over the world.
Subscribe now. You can even use your credit card.
Pay in four monthly installments
of 474 for 12 exciting issues.
So call now.
If Sports Illustrated for Kids gets my daughter to read,
it's a bar.
Kids love getting it in the mail.
It would be absolutely thrilled to get it in the mail.
Sports Illustrated for Kids makes a great gift.
So call toll-free and subscribe to
Sports Illustrated for Kids today.
Happy New Year, young fella!
To my late grandpa!
What's so happy about New Year's?
Everybody whooping it up.
Getting elastic burns on their chins.
And for what?
You think by now,
14,000 cocktail winners into their lives,
they'd have figured it out.
New Year's Eve is a joke.
Take it from me.
Last year I made my first New Year's resolution ever.
I had to.
Grown-ups make such a big stink about it.
Yep.
I'm gonna lose those 20 pounds that she hurt.
I am going to improve my
hand strength.
I'm gonna quit smoking.
This is my last one, I swear.
Talk about feeble.
If you're going to change something,
I say change something that matters.
Like...
the world.
I didn't know how I'd do it exactly.
All I knew was a
Riley retro-fired jetpack was the key.
With a Riley,
I could have been a kid superhero.
Flying wherever
trouble took me.
Anywhere on the globe.
Instead, I ended up like this.
A pathetic blowhole
pedaling his guts out on a cruddy
stingray bike.
I just wanted to change the world.
But after a whole year of trying,
the only thing I changed
was my underpants.
Was I PO'd?
You decide.
Stupid bike rolled away.
I fell back on the whole stinking year.
Everybody kept asking me
how I was going to change the world with
just a jetpack.
I always say the same thing.
First of all, it's not just
jetpack. It's a Riley retro-fired jetpack
with submersible fuel
pods. Then I'd say
shut up.
Who knows what I'd do?
Maybe fix the whole neozone layer?
Or drop in on peaking a tall world piece.
Whatever I did,
the planet would end up a better place
for all of God's creatures.
All I needed was $456
and 98 cents.
Luckily, I had a plan.
It all started last February
when my brother Pete and I went door-to-door
looking for work. Instead of
raking the leaves, washing
cars, we had another quality
service to offer.
Check the yard for landmines, Mrs.
Puel? Landmines?
Did you say landmines?
For only $49.99?
We'll check the whole yard.
I don't think so, boys.
You'll never be too safe
when it comes to landmines, ma'am.
I'll take my chances.
How about a free inspection?
Hello? Anyone in there?
I said I am not interested.
This won't take long.
Right, Inspector?
That could have been you
or one of your loved ones, ma'am.
Will you take a check?
The free inspection works
every time.
Especially if you don't be
trapped long first.
I don't know.
I'll have to ask my husband.
Is he home?
No, I'm not married.
But as soon as I do meet that
certain special someone,
I'll be sure to ask him.
This isn't a joking matter, ma'am.
One landmine can ruin your whole day.
No, you're ruining my whole day.
Well, then you'll be interested
in one of our free inspections.
No.
It's all in a complimentary lunchbox.
One O spell.
How soon can you start?
The plan is going perfectly
until Pete gets sucker punched.
Sucker punched
by puberty.
Landmines? Why would anyone
put landmines in my yard?
You'd be surprised, Mrs. Jakudy.
Maybe you would like to do
as one of our helpful brochures.
Well...
Hi, Ellen!
Ellen, watch out!
You got his booby tracks!
Booby tracks?
Sorry, it's just...
Pete and me
we buried a landmine
right over there.
It was worse than a mine explosion.
It was a hormone explosion.
You risked your life for me.
Well, not really.
Actually, the suit is completely bomb-proof.
It's made from a totally revolutionary
new tungsten mylar blend
that makes it... um...
Bomb-proof. I know.
Thanks anyway.
Blame Pete for what happened.
Blamed his glands.
Because of their thriving secretions,
things between us will never be the same.
My best friend was gone
and there was nothing I could do.
If I only had my Riley
retro-fire jetpack with a tilt action stabilizer,
I'd just set
a general compass for the Amazon rainforest,
hit the ignition button.
Nothing would stop me.
Nothing.
Stop.
Out of my white grunge bag, I'm on my way to save the world.
Saving the world begins with pedestrian safety.
Blow it out your nose hole, Frank.
What was that?
Blow it out your nose hole.
Scrape your sideways, pipsqueak.
Not bad.
What a way to start the year.
I lost my best friend to a girl.
But still, I had the most hope.
After all,
I did have my very own personal superhero.
Archie!
The strongest man...
in the world.
He's can harm already.
He's completely puberty.
In his superhuman strength,
I'd have the jetpack money
in time to kick evil's hairy butt
by the 4th of July.
Only a cup is noted, but can...
Trees are terrific!
You need a tree to climb
that's what swirls in their time.
Oh, it's practically a climb
when someone damages a tree.
And it's just a tree,
but it's a home to me.
Oh, yeah.
It's so crispy, so such a chocolatey
and delicious part that it's complete.
Even the milk turns chocolate with that tree.
It's left already, the strongest man in the world.
It's just about ready to help me with my paper.
Look at the work, boy.
Look at the work.
I have an idea.
Buttons goes down.
A brilliant idea.
Hey, Artie, you ever done any bowling?
Planned ever.
Dad's bowling team,
is up for a big match against
Lamp Sings' Taco Palace.
I had just the guy they needed.
All I had to do was bet my watt
on Dad's team,
and let Artie do the rest.
Where is he?
He'll be here.
Where does this guy live?
What is that you're doing here?
You'll see.
Once I wrote his name in this space,
it was official.
There was no turning back now.
While we're still young, Point Dexter,
what do you say?
To help him with his aim,
Artie built a telepathic ball guidance system.
No batteries required.
Just a hamster.
You just think where you want
the ball to go,
and the hamster takes over.
Over the next half hour,
Artie was as unstoppable
as a mudslide.
He was a canary, yellow juggernaut,
a pure bowling son.
When the frame to go,
Artie just needed one more strike
to win it all.
Come on!
Joke, you freak.
You're the strongest man in the world.
Yes.
I'm here to make you a very lucrative offer.
Tasty sandwiches?
Even better.
Move! Right this way!
I was cursed!
That guy in the monkey suit
was a scout from the pure bowling tour.
He signed Artie on the spot.
And just like that,
he was gone.
Playing in places like Fond du Lac,
Wisconsin and Biloxi, Mississippi.
The only place I ever saw him after that
was on TV.
Who is this sensational newcomer
to the tour?
Let's take a time out
and take a closer look.
Our story starts in the parking lot
of this jiffy lube in a humble
Porta John Artie calls home.
It's England!
Thanks to me, Artie has become
this mondo bowling superstar.
Great for him, bad for mankind.
Instead of dropping in
on the White House
for a surprise powwow with the president,
I was stuck doing the whole
paper route myself.
And worse,
I had to hold this 98 pound Artie special
supplement every week.
What else could go wrong?
I'm a waste sash boy, I don't have time for this.
There's always time for pedestrian safety.
It was clear why now
that this guy just didn't get it.
I had places to go,
planets to save.
You know what this sash means, chief?
That you're a loser?
No.
Means I've taken a vow to uphold
this.
I tried to cross,
but somehow,
I couldn't disobey the sign.
Not so fast, chief.
Somebody's got to teach you a lesson.
Sidewalk standoff
raged on into the evening.
Tell me, partner, do you take
showers with that sash on?
What's it to you, kid?
Near midnight,
I tried threatening his life,
but he didn't even flinch.
There are 22 ways to kill a man.
23.
By morning, I knew I had met my match.
Evil had won
this round.
Don't you ever go home?
No.
Do you want to know why?
Sure.
If you let me cross.
Okay.
Colorable.
At that moment,
as I turned to laugh in his face,
I saw Frank for what he really was.
The lonely guy
just trying to do his job.
You know, I never told anybody
about this before, kid.
Shoot.
All right.
Well, it was 11 years ago.
A Thursday.
I looked away from the crosswalk
to light a smoke, you know.
No big deal, right?
Wrong.
A cat.
Mr. Boots
crossed without looking.
He was wasted on catnip.
He never saw the Ford Imperial coming.
Roadkill pizza?
No, no.
It was close, though.
Too close.
It shook me up, kid.
I decided right then
that I would never leave my post again.
Ever.
24 hours a day.
Every day of the year.
Even Christmas?
And New Year's Eve, too.
Well, you know,
I can't celebrate much
out here all by myself.
Besides, I got a job to do.
Can't take any chances.
Frank.
You need some help around here?
You?
Yeah, me.
I, Pete.
What's the code of the crosswalk?
It took the O.
But instead of pedestrian safety,
I began thinking about my resolution.
It was already October
and I hadn't changed squad.
I had to get that jetpack.
So while Frank slept,
I did what I had to do.
Come on, kid.
What's it take to cross the street around here, huh?
$20.
That's extortion. I won't pay it.
Right on right here.
By early afternoon,
I had complete control of the crosswalk.
Most people obeyed the power
that signed.
But one guy had to learn his lesson
the hard way.
Going somewhere, crankbait?
Hi, Frank.
Have a good sleep.
Any good dreams?
You let me down, kid. You abandoned your post.
Oh, it's just over there.
Give me that badge.
Give me that sign.
Drop that sash, kid. You're fired.
I know Frank had trusted me.
But when you're on a mission like mine,
a few people are gonna get hurt.
All that mattered was I had the money.
After allowing four to six weeks for delivery,
the world would never be the same.
I tried to kill time by practicing German
for my summit meeting in Dusseldorf.
Byzmalschorf, Blausenlach.
Byzmalschapp, Blowhold.
But still, the weak script behind my slugs.
Then, on December 19th,
it came after everything I'd been through.
The raw power of the Rylee
was finally at my command.
Not that I was all that excited
or anything.
As I shredded the box,
I thought about how I'd soon be
spitting in the face of evil everywhere.
Just like Abe Lincoln.
Can you imagine what Honest Abe
could have done with the Rylee
retro-fired jetpack?
History was in my hands now
that I had my trusty, fuel-injected
leaf blower
over by mistake.
That's when I knew
truth.
New Year's resolutions were a joke.
For one night,
you'd get all wiggly thinking about
changing everything.
In the end, you're just a feed.
I tried, and what happened?
I lost everything.
My brother,
my superhero,
and my dream.
All I had left was this terrible feeling
that life was a lot like my runaway bike.
A bumpy, out-of-control ride
to nowhere.
If only grown-ups could see it ride by,
maybe they'd understand
and stop bothering with their puny resolutions.
I mean, if you think about it,
my right mind would want to celebrate New Year's.
Suddenly,
I knew who.
Frank.
Another year was over, and he was still out there
all alone.
Maybe I couldn't make the world a better place
for all mankind,
but at least I could make it better for one person,
but could only get there in time.
Trouble Ahoy.
I guess you're looking for this, huh, kid?
No, I was looking for you.
Oh yeah, why? You need some quick cash?
I just wanted to tell you something.
What? That I'm a blow-hole, huh?
No, I just wanted to say,
well, I'm sorry,
and Happy New Year!
Yeah, it's Happy New Year's to you, too, kid.
Can I try that?
What's your New Year's resolution?
Smoking.
You're gonna quit?
You smoke more.
I'm gonna quit.
It's my last one, I swear.
What about you?
Still planning on saving the human race?
Yeah, why not?
I've got a whole year.
I'll think of something.
You can see what you got with little Trigga.
It's how to find out the size of the oboe.
Yeah, Egg-O-Mini is part of this complete record.
Hey, let go of my Egg-O-Mini.
I got more babies, Puppy Surprise,
and they've got double surprises.
Puppy Surprise!
Puppy Surprise babies!
Love the two babies with their double surprise.
It's a weird girl, a girl
with a ballerina costume.
Now you can add more babies to your Puppy Surprise family
with Puppy Surprise dress up up.
You buy each separately.
Wow, with the bridal gowns.
Wow, he's a baseball player.
Girl and boy babies with a double surprise.
Each girl and boy dress up up separately
with costume. Original Puppy Surprise also
sold separately.
Damn it.
I love those snacks.
Bags are very good.
Meow.
Smacks, part of this complete breakfast.
I just love my snack.
What's new from Kellogg's?
Let's look and see,
be in the books.
And guess what? They're free.
One book free and with two proofs
from our boxes of Kellogg's snacks.
Spend the weekend with a TV legend
and watch 35 classic episodes
as Nick at Night says Au revoir, Mr. Red.
It all starts this Saturday
at 10.00, central on Nick at Night.
It's Nicker, American.
I want you to meet a real champion
soda.
My prize minutes are great,
great thing.
Champion.
Look at the little rascal.
Show us your lipstick.
That's a good boy.
Now a champion
soda possesses many fine traits.
Like dental hygiene,
for instance.
Just look at those
gums.
You think gums like this come cheap?
No sir.
You've got to massage them.
There you go.
Now don't be stingy with your love.
How about that?
What's this crap?
Your dog got one of these?
Yeah, I'll bet it does.
To be a real champion,
your dog must have its tail bob.
Easy now.
Man, that's pretty.
Now note how the smooth butt
appears to your show dog.
Looky, here's another one.
See that?
Yeah, but I'm a cat.
Madagirl Rex.
Finally, let's not overlook the importance
of a show dog's fur.
Look at those fine coats.
They weren't born this way.
Only a daily buffing
can bring out that shine.
Aye, you're looking mighty handsome.
Shut up.
Share your tonsils out.
Don't sweat it boys.
You can lick them.
You can lick them all.
Ah, no contest.
Hey boys.
We'll have this judge
eating out of the palms of our hands.
All right.
Let's have a look at your dog, ma'am.
You call that a dog?
Rat with a hippy wig.
Ah, it's in the bag.
It's too easy.
That's periwinkle measure up.
No ma'am.
I don't like it.
Yes.
In a good life.
Next.
You're kidding.
I made that.
It's not my fault.
You think I want to be seen with hair like this?
Man, will you look at that.
It makes me want to puke.
It's him.
He makes me do him.
It's his fault.
Kill him.
Oh please, don't reject me.
Please.
It's in the bag.
Look at you.
You're begging.
Shame on you.
All right, all right.
You're right.
A man.
Next.
Here, take a look at this.
Hmm.
Asma and Chihuahua, huh?
Look at that.
Well, this one's representative
of his sickly breed.
All right, he's in.
Steepy.
I've never seen this breed before.
No, sir.
His butt's too smooth.
I've heard of that.
Come on.
Don't you know Cornish Max Town when you see one?
Maybe I don't.
We'll take another.
I think he looks good.
Thank you.
Louder. I can hear you.
He looks good.
Mighty good.
Thanks again.
Yeah, I thought so.
Oh boys, this is the big time.
Make me proud.
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to the all breed.
I'm your judge.
Now there's a real judge for you.
A man's man.
Only the finest Joe dogs from all over the world
have come to compete
in this spectacular event.
A stunning Italian greyhound.
Boys, this is going to be harder than I thought.
Perfect.
Time quarters.
Don't worry, boys.
If you don't make it, we'll just go back
to more guard dog training.
A salad brisket.
He gets a nine.
A fabulous Cornish Rex hound.
Go to it, Rex.
Hmm.
Good complexion.
Add a girl, Rex.
Nice fox, man.
He likes him.
Let's take a closer look, shall we?
Ah, yes.
Good muscle tone.
What's this?
Oh, an ingrown dewclaw.
Disqualified?
Take him away.
You lousy rotten pamiya.
It took me months to push in that dewclaw.
Guys, as my hound, Chihuahua.
It's up to you now.
You're going to bring me my trophy.
You're going to make my dream come true.
You got that?
Oh, no.
I ain't going up there.
Why don't you do it yourself?
Mr. Big Shot.
Oh, a smart mouth, huh?
And I'm going to win, too.
Look at those lines.
A perfect chest
from withers to brisket.
Such a smooth butt.
I tell you, I've never seen
a finer dog in my long career.
Ladies and gentlemen,
for outstanding excellence
amongst all breeds,
I present this first prize
to our finest show dog,
the Royal American,
George Hound.
Oh, joy.
We'll be back after this.
Thank you, idiot.
When you watch TV, you try to watch only the best, right?
But you don't always have time to see everything.
That's what the Cable Ace Awards are all about.
One show with all the best of cable.
The best of cable.
The best actor.
The best actress.
The best movie.
The best special.
The best comedy.
One night, one show.
One whole year's worth of cable's biggest stars.
Watch Lily Tomlin host the awards
for the best TV on television.
The 14th annual Cable Ace Awards.
Live, January 17th at 8 Eastern,
exclusively on Lifetime.
What are you doing, man?
I am brushing my teeth, Ren.
Boy, what a waste of time.
You'll be sorry when all your teeth fall out.
Are you talking kid stuff?
Crazy stuff.
I've never brushed before,
and I'm not about to start now.
Well, maybe you should, Ren.
If you want to have a nice smile like mine.
Eh, big deal.
I'll show you a smile.
My turn.
Why, Stimpy?
Why?
There. There now.
I know it hurts.
Why does it hurt?
Did I ever tell you the story
about the Toothbeaver, Ren?
Tell me a story.
Well, you see, Ren,
inside every mouth there are teeth.
And wherever there's teeth,
you'll find the Toothbeaver.
And where you find the Toothbeaver,
you'll find a nerve ending.
Now your nerve endings
are the tastiest part of your body.
And your Toothbeaver knows this.
Ren.
I guess you're ready to brush your teeth with me tonight.
Ah, no you don't.
I told you before,
brushing your teeth is for humans.
Kid stuff.
Crazy stuff.
You stinky even for me.
Oh, man.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Taste, crepes.
What is that smell?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I don't know, man, but it's ruining my meal.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
We're trying to eat here.
And you stand here
airing out your stinky old gum holes.
What are you trying to do?
Make us puke.
What's wrong, Ren?
You stinky.
I've been a fool.
I should have brushed my teeth.
But now my teeth, they are gone.
And all I have left are stinky holes.
Hmm.
Oh, look on the bright side, Ren.
At least you still got your nerve endings.
My nerve endings.
What good are they going to do me?
Would you like me to tell you a little story?
A story.
If you put your nerve endings under your pillow tonight,
the nerve ending fairy will come and take them away.
And she'll leave you $100 bills.
Then you can buy new teeth.
Oh, Stampy, you are my friend.
I smell something stinky.
Time to pay up.
Hmm, out of bills.
Wait, there we go.
Ball of lint.
That's good enough for him.
Good morning, Ren.
Uh, is it time for my mash?
Oh, Stampy.
Happy birthday, Ren.
So me?
You shouldn't have.
Why?
It's beautiful.
Go ahead, try it on.
Wow.
Oh, Stampy.
I love why you do.
Thank you.
It fits on your back.
It's love, love, love.
Hey, kids.
Wait till you see what's new from the amazing world of Log.
Start heading for the store right now
because you can't live without the all-new Puppet Show Log.
The Variable Speed Electro Log.
GI Log.
Girls, you love baby wet myself log.
And you boys will have hours of fun
playing Fort with Frontier Log.
Everyone will marvel at the Visible Log
and Invisible Log.
You'll want to be the first on your block
to sport the new line of log wear
like the log helmet
and snug-fitting log underwear for petite
and portly sizes.
Rush to buy the new Log Lunchbox.
Learn about nature with the anatomically correct log
and visit distant worlds with the log of tomorrow.
And boy will your friends' eyes bug out of their skulls
as they see your new Super Deluxe Ultra Log.
Hurry, rush to the store
because supplies can't last on products this good.
It's love, love.
It's big, it's heavy, it's wood.
It's love.
You're gonna love it.
Get your long, long time.
From Bramo.
Batteries not included.
Sneak is leading somewhere.
Stay tuned.
Sneak now.
Hitch later.
The eyes of justice are watching.
It's Batman.
Toothies is on a firing frenzy.
Charging into action.
It's combat belt, Batman.
You just got on my bad side, Batman.
Tough luck.
Great save.
Oh, no.
Robbins poops down in his paraway.
Fire.
A narrow miss.
The eyes of justice are watching.
It's Batman in the invincible hoverback.
No contact.
Capture claw.
Two cases after some double time.
The eyes of justice, Batman.
Okay, rumor has it there's a Captain Crunch effect.
But what is it?
It's big.
With that, Captain will test the crunchy part of this balanced breakfast.
On those choppers.
Captain, do you have an observation?
If their teeth don't get me, their breath will seep and platter.
Sharks go for it, Anne.
That'll I shut down.
What's happening, Captain?
Sit up.
Slapping some pins.
Bag it.
Nice, Sharky.
The taste tamed the beast.
The major crunch effect.
Now, Welcome Pressman has more pranks.
I was just trying to explain that a higher trajectory might improve the shop percentage.
Nickelodeon's Welcome Pressman, where there's always more to restore.
Thousands for a new gym and not one penny for the teacher's lounge and many.
Sir?
No street shoes in the gym.
Welcome Pressman is high school, Saturday at 5-4 Central on Nickelodeon.
Please don't try this at home.
There's only one extreme arena and only one Nickelodeon guts.
Watch it every weekend on Nick.
There it is.
It's probably somebody's dog.
Yeah, right.
There's only one reason why you bury things out here.
Why?
Because you want to hide the evidence.
I bet my Michael Jordan rookie card will find a maggot-ridden corpse.
Really?
Eric was the best.
Run, run!
I wasn't that scared.
Yeah, right.
It was cruel and immature.
Hey, excuse me for adding a little fuel to the fire.
Well, it wasn't funny.
Speaking of fuel to the fire, who's going tonight?
Me.
Ah, another Gorfest?
My story's about a head of a different sort.
An ancient wizard's good luck charm.
Pick it up and the world can be your oyster.
But let the hold beware.
This charm may be more than you bargained for.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story,
The Tale of the Sorcerer's Apprentice.
The story takes place today,
but it began years ago.
In fact, it truly began centuries ago.
But I'm jumping ahead.
Dean Birken was the kind of guy who blended in.
He didn't have many friends.
He didn't do sports.
And he never joined anything.
He just kind of was.
And he wasn't so great with schoolwork either.
Mr. Birken, you are sinking to perdition.
One of Dean's only friends was Alex.
Though she was his complete opposite,
they really connected and had a great friendship.
But it was a friendship about to be put to the ultimate test.
Thanks, I'm useless today.
You, huh?
What's up?
What a Crenshaw chemistry catastrophe.
Ooh, ugly.
Studied hard for this.
I don't get it. I can't catch a break.
Hey, if you keep thinking that way,
you're always going to get dumped on.
I know. I'm trying.
Hey, I have a feeling your luck's going to change soon.
Great. As long as it doesn't get any worse.
In world culture's class,
there was a special guest,
whose name is archaeologist named Dr. Oliver.
Archaeology, the study of historic or prehistoric peoples
by analysis of their artifacts, inscriptions and monuments.
The work is often painstaking,
but the results can take you on adventures
that will stagger your imagination.
For instance, the high priests of Babylon
used this golden dagger to cut out the hearts of slaves
for their sacrifices.
This ball was used for salt,
not as a spice, mind you, but as a weapon.
Some ancient cultures believed that salt
was the best way to ward off evil,
sort of like garlic is to vampires.
And this little prize was recently excavated
from an ancient Babylonian sorcerer's tent.
That thing belonged to a sorcerer?
Inscriptions say that this scepter belonged to Goth,
a particularly nasty magician
who enslaved thousands to do his evil bidding.
The writings say that following Goth
will bring you incredible fortune.
And good luck.
Crossing him will lead to your destruction.
Of course, we don't believe in such silly things today, do we?
Goth will bring you incredible fortune
or lead you to your destruction.
I knew she was kidding. I thought it was kind of cool.
Give me a break. She's trying to make her job
sound more exciting than it really is.
Maybe. I'm going to the library. Want to come?
I've got some stuff to do.
Okay, see you later.
You're interested, hey?
Yeah.
It's become a passion for me.
I'm blocking the secrets of ancient civilizations.
That's pretty cool.
Indeed.
Take your time. Don't be afraid to touch.
Maybe I found another convert.
That's what I'm here for.
You may begin.
Yes, Mr. Birkham.
Here's my test, Miss Crenshaw.
Is this supposed to be funny?
Is there a problem, Miss Crenshaw?
A problem?
Thank you, Mr. Birkham.
But why didn't you take the test?
I did take it. I aced it.
No way.
It's a matter.
Don't think I can ace a test?
Or maybe you think I'm useless, just like everybody else.
What? What's wrong with you?
Nothing's wrong with me. Everything is finally right.
And I'm going to prove to everybody that I'm not the loser.
They think I am.
But something was wrong with Dean, and Alex knew it.
He wouldn't talk to her and started hanging with a whole new group of kids.
And one day, things took a very strange turn.
Dean?
McCuric acid?
What does he want with that?
Together they create the mystic vapors.
The return of God is at hand of the Netherrealm.
I have waited centuries for an apprentice such a new young one.
The acolytes have been gathered.
We are ready.
Excellent.
There is one final task to be performed
before I am freed from this infernal dimension of darkness.
I await your command.
Before the moon rises tonight,
you must gather the nightshade and prepare the cauldron.
The mystic vapors must be released.
The cauldron will be prepared.
Do this, my young apprentice.
At all that you desire shall be yours.
And the power of the universe will be mine.
Cool things happen in the morning with the warm taste of Kellogg's Pop Tarts.
What?
Yeah, Kellogg's Pop Tarts.
You're kidding. A complete breakfast?
Uh-oh.
They spend their days searching for you guys.
Catch Nickelodeon's most wanted Yogi Bear.
But yesterday, on to a new school and new minds to reach.
Can I help you with something?
Something really strange is going on here.
It's that center thing she brought.
It's got Dean hypnotized or something.
You lost child.
There is no reason to be alarmed.
Join us.
And join God.
Alex, don't be scared.
It's only me.
I am scared. What's going on, Dean?
What are you doing?
You called it.
My luck finally changed.
I'm not getting dumped on anymore.
I'm in charge.
And I like it.
You're not in charge. It's God.
God has given me the power.
And I'm using it to bring him back.
Dean, he's a monster.
Look at what I've done.
People follow me now.
They take my orders.
Half the school is with me.
Even the teachers.
Dean, look at me.
He's controlling you.
You've got to come back and fight this guy.
You're my best friend, Alex.
I am.
It's what I'm going to let you go.
Don't get him out of the way.
It doesn't matter anyway.
He'll be one of us soon enough.
McCuric acid?
Sorry, Dean, it's police time.
You're right, sir.
She followed us.
And she's ticked. Now back off.
Are you crazy?
I gave you one chance to escape, Alex.
I won't give you another.
Put her in the van.
Dean, wake up!
Excellent. They're going to boil her in that stuff.
What is it?
What should we call it, acid?
McCuric acid.
I hate chemistry.
Now, the acid has to do with those mystic vapors, right?
Maybe.
So what happened next?
Looks like Alex's goose is cooked.
Alex may have been backed into a corner.
But she's resourceful.
There's a place in this school not many people know about.
It's been closed off for more than 25 years.
They say the girl went mad in there.
She broke into the school and then
one of the guards chased her all over.
When they found her, she was down here.
Totally out of her mind.
The room's been sealed off ever since.
Until tonight, that is.
Got the key from the security guard.
He is one of us now.
It's the perfect place to make our cauldron mystic vapors.
Thought you'd want to stay for the main event.
Stop it, Dean! Stop it now!
Open the barrels!
Acid!
State!
I'm far too powerful now!
I've done it!
It's mighty goth.
Your apprentice calls to you.
Has returned from exile.
In the dark nether, my rightful place.
On the throne of humanity.
Bow before me.
Or feel my wrath.
No!
All is mine.
Alex, I'm stuck. I...
I'll return for you soon enough.
Dean, don't do this!
Stick them up, my rain.
Dean!
Alex!
The chlorine! Use the chlorine!
Looks like he had control of me.
I know.
But how did you know the chlorine would stop him?
He was on Crenshaw's chemistry exam.
Chlorine kills bacteria and the leaves were organic,
so I figured it would zap him.
So it was right.
Yeah, I guess you were.
Welcome back.
I'm afraid we failed.
But I planted jewels in high schools all over the country.
We'll have another chance.
And to think, when I was a young girl,
they thought I was mad.
The end.
I smell a sequel.
Yeah.
World's doomed.
Well, on that cheerful note,
I declare this meeting of the Midnight Society closed.
We snicked. They will have snicked.
It is post-snick.
You can sneak again next Saturday night on Nickelodeon.